Add xxh64 and fingerprint call-caching strategies to address shortcomings of current strategies. [BA-6335] (#5450)
broadinstitute/cromwell: CHANGELOG.md

# Cromwell Change Log

## 50 Release Notes

### New functionality

#### new xxh64 and fingerprint strategies for call caching

> To alleviate problems with existing call cache strategies, two new strategies have been added: `xxh64` and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To alleviate problems with existing call cache strategies, two new strategies for files on a shared filesystem (ie not in cloud storage) have been added: `xxh64` and 
```

> To alleviate problems with existing call cache strategies, two new strategies for files on a shared filesystem (ie not in cloud storage) have been added: `xxh64` and 

Reviewer 2: Can you be specific on what problems are being alleviated and how? Would the following be correct?
```suggestion
Existing call cache strategies can be slow on shared filesystems (SFS backend, i.e. not in cloud storage). Two faster strategies have been added for this use case: `xxh64` and 
```

Author: Well `path` and `path+modtime` are already extremely fast, but they don't work with docker. Md5 is the slow strategy. Thanks for the suggestion. I have updated the description.

# Cromwell Change Log

## 50 Release Notes

### New functionality

> #### xxHash for faster call-caching using file hashes

Reviewer: Rather than putting all the detail in the changelog, could you document this in user facing docs (eg readthedocs) and then put a brief placeholder linking to that from here?

Otherwise, in a couple of versions time, it'll be really hard to direct anyone to the documentation for this feature.

The `file` strategy uses md5sum hashing which causes a lot of strain on the server, the `path` and `path+modtime` 
strategies are much lighter, but do not work properly with containers. To alleviate this problem a new file hashing
strategy called `xxh64` was introduced. This uses the 64-bit implementation of the [xxHash](https://www.xxhash.com)
algorithm. This algorithm is optimized for file integrity hashing and provides a more than 10x speed improvement over
md5. The `file` strategy has now been renamed `md5` for clarity. For backwards compatibility reasons, `file` is still
available (defaults to `md5`) and `md5` is still the default hashing algorithm.

### Bugfixes

> + Fixed a bug in Cromwell 49 where the `use_relative_output_paths` option would not preserve intermediate folders.

Author: This was another PR of mine for which I forget to update the changelog :man_facepalming: , sorry!

Author: Moved it to another PR.
